WRITING A CONCLUSION
A conclusion has these components: 
1. Summarize / reiterate the arguments / claims in your research paper.
2. Acknowledge omissions.
3. The possibility of future research.
4. Finally, draw together the question, the evidence in the essay body, and the conclusion. This part needs to be clear and concise. This way the reader knows that you have understood and answered the question / directly examined the relevant theme. 
**
Your conclusion brings together decisively all of the strands and arguments discussed in your essay. Include the following elements:
Repeat your central thesis (claim/argument). It is often a good idea to link back to your introductory paragraph, but you are now able to demonstrate a fresher and deeper understanding.
Summarise all of your arguments so that they pull together to answer your research question clearly and decisively. What did you prove in your essay? How did you prove it? 
No new arguments should be discussed here – if you find one sneaking in it needs its own paragraph in your essay. You can however, broach unanswered questions (see 4.)
Synthesise your claims. What are the implications of what you’ve proved? Why is this important / significant? Do the strands of your argument come together to fully answer your question? Do they leave the field open for a new line of enquiry? Synthesis often involves thinking about the state of your field or of a society at that moment, and trying to show how your argument might apply or be useful elsewhere, i.e. what are the wider implications? It means bringing together all of the things you’ve proved to make more far-reaching points. 
Discuss any suggestions for further work i.e. things you were unable to answer in your essay (beyond its scope), but that remain unanswered and could be investigated in a future research paper.
*
CONCLUSION SAMPLES
1. Conclusively, this paper has shown that eating meat is morally wrong. We should not eat meat because, as the essay has shown, it presents a number of problematic issues for human beings. Also, it is important to note some other reasons for not eating meat: it is bad for human diets, it is bad for the environment, and it is bad for air pollution.
2. In conclusion, eating meat is morally wrong. This claim is supported by the three arguments outlined above. First, eating meat violates a moral prohibition against murder. Second, eating meat has harmful environmental effects. Third, eating meat is unnecessary, since humans can acquire the nutrition they require from vegetables. The implications of this claim are wide-ranging; we must reconsider our economies and moral attitudes to food. Further research is necessary on how this can be effected. However, the moral case is settled.
3. In summary, eating meat is morally wrong for the reasons which we have explored in the paper above. As Professor Smith has said (1999, p. 7): ‘Eating meat is impossible to accept in a modern society’.